Financing the un-financed (Social financial lending)
Financing or loans are essential for any community, today Banks are desperate to provide loans to individuals having good tracking financial/credit history. But many people are not part of this system, they don't have trackable financial history and thus Banks are reluctant to offer loans to them. And these people are often exploited by local untrustworthy lenders

Idea at Sapient AI hub is to predict borrowers' repayment capability by using other easily available dataset like telco and transactional information.

This challenge is to predict loan pay-ability using various statistical and machine learning methods

Data is broken into two files for training (with TARGET) and testing (without TARGET).

Static data for all applications. One row represents one loan in data sample.

Data Set Download Data Set
File Name	Description	Format	Size
application_train.csv	Train Data Set	csv	
sample_submission.csv	Sample Submission	csv	
application_test.csv	Test Data Set	csv	
Data Dictionary
Here's a brief version of what you'll find in the data description file.

Variable	Description
SK_ID_CURR	applicant_id
TARGET	probability of applicant paying back
Submission
Data pre-processing:

data in application_train.csv may also be corrupt (some of mandatory fields are missing), filter out those records
Since this data was collected from multiple sources hence it may contain duplicate records, please clean up duplicate records.

Designing and Architectural considerations:

Propose an end to end design from collecting uses' data to processing and the finally accessing output in real time fashion.
This application is expected to process huge number of applications in real time, hence think about scalability.
This application is also backbone of entire loan process, hence it's very important to keep it up all time and think about fault-tolerance.

Expected output/submission:

You have to predict weather a borrower's is capable of paying loan back. Your code should generate output with 2 columns – applicant_id and probability of applicant paying back.
